i wear police
well and day
where are you dead is that a joke fucking hurt
but your talents will be good for us
to the ghost patrol
Ghost Patrol
department of death you see me see
got it your job to catch the dead
who is hiding from justice
meet your new partner is not yet
don't deserve me universal pictures
we are the best lawyers among
the living and the dead ran and the souls took over
fashion pretend people
where the hell do palnt eyes go
I have something else now and you have no voice
your roses are alien and who I look like
seriously Chinese and you then who
Yours took the role ready Stanley Novitsky
health department
we suspect you're dead andrew
no thanks and not close to him
as you noticed guys and die hard but be afraid
damn this year so in something not
remember
if the dead win the world of men
end they are wrong address this world
belongs to the living and ghost patrol
take care of it and protect our world
come up
guests from the next world
so far so good
except for the coming apocalypse ghostly
patrol
fun important thing do not strain look in
cinemas from July 18